The Thanksgiving Day Parade has always such great fun.
Look at that. It's our Superman balloon.
Wow. Oh, boy.
Yes, floating along high above Central Parkway.
Who did this love it?
Oh, and the bands and the music.
John Phillips, who's, I love his music.
Oh, look at that float, Robbie.
Look at the funny looking clouds.
For kids.
Maybe so.
The parade's always make me feel like a kid.
Remember when you and your dad and I went to the Thanksgiving Day Parade?
You were four or five years old.
I was a kid.
Hello. Hello.
Oh, high Susan. How are you?
Here's mom.
Hello, Susan.
Yes, he missed a phone call from Alexandra.
Yes, I know, but he'll get a heart.
Good.
Then you'll be here for a little while.
I'm going to be here for a little while.
I'm going to get a heart.
Good.
Then you'll be here about five.
Oh, fine.
I look forward to seeing you.
And Harry and Michelle.
Drive carefully.
Goodbye.
Taste Ellen's turkey.
Ressing it's delicious.
I'm not surprised.
It's grandmas always rushing me.
It's my favorite part of the meal.
What about my famous apple pie?
Dad, your apple pie is my favorite dessert.
How's it parade?
Okay.
Mom, is it for me?
No, Robby.
Who was it?
Wrong number.
Philip, would you join me in the kitchen, please?
It's getting late.
We have vegetables to prepare.
Can I help with anything?
No, honey, you just relax with grandpa.
I'll get you to help serve, maybe.
Ellen reminds me so much of grandpa.
But what time does the Michigan football game come on?
Four.
Hello.
I'll be back to see the game.
Grandpa, when did Dad graduate from Michigan?
Let me think.
They graduated from medical school in 1960.
And from the University of Michigan in 1956.
Did you go to Michigan to grandpa?
Yep.
I graduated in 1937.
I've got to start thinking about college soon.